Adam Nik and Alison Cameron

Dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/heesoo37/120-years-of-olympic-history-athletes-and-results

	Our dataset is data from Olympic athletes, events, and results from the past 120 years, including both Summer and Winter games.
The data includes every athlete that competed with their respective team and country, along with physical characteristics.

Tables:

CREATE TABLE athletes (
	id SERIAL,
	name TEXT,
	sex TEXT,
	birth_year INT,
	height INT,
	weight INT,
	country_id INT,
);

CREATE TABLE countries (
	id SERIAL,
	team TEXT,
	noc TEXT,
	country TEXT,
);

CREATE TABLE games (
	id SERIAL,
	year INT,
	season TEXT,
	city TEXT,
);

CREATE TABLE events (
	id SERIAL,
	event TEXT,
	sport TEXT,
);

CREATE TABLE results (
	athlete_id INT,
	game_id INT,
	event_id INT,
	medal TEXT,
);

Stories:

STORY: I'm a gambler and it's time to make some money this upcoming Olympic Games. I need statistics on which countries have been
most productive in winning medals so I can make a confident bet on the medal counts for these games.

IMPLEMENTATION: We want to have a data visualization that shows a line graph of the total medals for a given country for each year. We will have a
default setting that places the line segments of every country on one graph. From there, a user can specify a country and/or an event of which they want to
analyze alone (a visualization similar to the baby name website we talked about in class). We are planning to have a drop down menu to help the 
user specify the given field they want to analyze.


STORY: My name is Alison and I am a swimmer on the Carleton Swim & Dive team. I want to prove to my friends that Katie Ledecky is the greatest
female swimmer of all time. I want to know how many medals she has won at the Olympics games throughout her career.

IMPLEMENTATION: In a search tab, we will have the user search for their wanted results by searching with keyword for athlete, and drop-down menus
for the other fields (games, sport, event, team, etc). Results will be displayed in a table, which will have options to be sorted by each column.


STORY: I'm a traveler and I am planning on taking a trip to China this summer. I know one of my destinations will be Beijing, China, and I am interested
in learning more about the results from the 2008 games that were held there.

IMPLEMENTATION: We want to have a data visualization that is a map of the world and includes dots that represent every city that has hosted an Olympic Games. 
We also plan to shade in countries based on how many medals they have won over time. When hovering over the dots, they expand and tell the user which 
year(s) those games were held. From there, a user can click on the dot and the site will take them to the search portion of the website where the games field 
is already selected with the games they chose. (We're not sure exactly how to implement this but we are excited for the idea of doing it!)

